record-package-schema: remove releases in record requirement (#1393)
open-contracting/standard: docs/schema/records_reference.md

## Record structure

> A record **must** contain an [ocid](identifiers.md#open-contracting-process-identifier-ocid) and it **should** contain either:

Reviewer: We don't want just an `ocid`. It's possible to express in JSON Schema the requirement to have at least one of `releases` or `compiledRelease`, but it involves `anyOf`, which is harder to read and evaluate. So, for now, we can at least have the rule in text.

```suggestion
A record **must** contain an [ocid](identifiers.md#open-contracting-process-identifier-ocid) and one or more of:
```

* All [releases](#releases) about the contracting process at the time of the record's publication, and/or;

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* All [releases](#releases) about the contracting process at the time of the record's publication.
```

* A [compiledRelease](#compiled-release) object, which represents the state of the contracting process at the time of the record's publication.

> As such, a record functions as an index of releases and/or as the latest version of a contracting process at the time of the record's publication.

Reviewer: The original wording was repetitive. We don't need it.

```suggestion
```

A record **may** contain a [versionedRelease](#versioned-release) object, which aggregates, into a single object, all values of all fields from all releases up to the time of the record's publication. The versioned release is designed to make it easy to see how values change from one release to another, and will often be generated by data users, rather than by publishers.

> ```{admonition} Releases

Author: @jpmckinney I'm not sure if we should use `{versionadded} 1.2` here or just `{admonition}` (or nothing?), as in this case we are not adding any new field, but removing an (important!) constraint.

Reviewer: I think it's fine to just update the above text without this admonition.
